---
layout: default
title: 5th session
name: 5th session
---

Upon returning to Winnowing Reach, our party brought [Kenna Brightspark]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Kenna_Brightspark" }}) in to [The Magistrate]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Walden_Krane" }}) and collected the gold they were promised but not the letter of introduction for [The Council]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Birdfolk_Council" }}). [The Magistrate]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Walden_Krane" }}) insisted that had more important matters to deal with and he would discuss it in the morning. 

The next morning, the party returned to [The Magistrate's]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Walden_Krane" }}) Office where he immediately bolted and sealed the doors shut. He told the party he worried about prying eyes and had a matter that needed to be dealt with secretly. A evil witch was summoning foul creatures near [Winnowing Reach]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Winnowing_Reach" }}).  Worried about scaring the townfolk who were already spooked by reports from Ashbarrow, [The Magistrate]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Walden_Krane" }}) offered the standard reward of 5gp each for dealing with the evil witch. While the party debated on whether take this offer, [Nico]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Nico" }}) decided he should take some stationary just incase he needs to forge a letter.

After a bit of shopping, the party headed out to find witch's hut in the [Mokkden Fields]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Mokkden_Fields" }}). The party arrived cautiously approuched the hut. Inside, they found a surprisingly warm welcome from a hedge witch named [Susan]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Susan" }}). They at length about why she was out here in the swamp and what kind of magic she was practicing. The party decided she wasn't the danger they were told she was and decided to help her collect ingredients for her next ritual. The herbs were no trouble to find but the frogs were a bit harder to catch. After a few too many failures the party felt the ground rumble as a giant frog started hopping towards them. He was easily dispatched and the party returned to [Susan]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Susan" }}) so she could prepare he ritual.

[Susan]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Susan" }}) was delighted with the effort and started tossing the ingredients into her cauldron and chanting. After a few mintues a wind stirred around the room, blew all the curtains open and a little pink demon started crawling out of the cauldron. [Susan] began questioning him but the demon ignored her and started grabbing on to it's gut. It let out a loud fart and a foul odor filled the room but thankfully no one was affected by the smell. The demon started attacking everyone but was easily stopped. And just as quickly as he appeared, the demon disappeared in those same swirling winds. 

Grateful for the help, [Susan]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Susan" }}) gave the party 2 potions of healing and now considers them friends. She offered to let them stay the night in her hut and would help in any potion making the party needed. 
