---
layout: default
name: 10th session
title: 10th session
---

Perch Guard Captain [Sterling]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Sterling" }}) gathered the party lead them to the bandit camp so they find the bandit's capatin and bring them to Justice. The party attempted to sneak through the camp but most of the party was spotted and shot with arrows as they hurried through the ramshackle camps. In the center of camp they a better fortified section that surely house the bandit captain. The party faced wave after wave of bandits. One bandit froze and fell to the ground after attacking [Bella]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bella" }}). Two others were mauled by a bear that ran into the camp. 

After several waves of bandits a familiar face appeared out of the largest tent. It was [Fray Merridan]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Fray_Merridan" }}), the bandit captain the party encountered in Meadowfen. She was accompanied by a wolf and a jerbeen thief and was not happy to see the party. The battle was short lived and [Fray]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Fray_Merridan" }}), along with most of her accomplises, by take captive. The party searched the camp to collect stolen goods to return to [Alderheart]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Alderheart" }}). They also found a pair of magical Boots of Speed, which after some discussion, were given to [Bella]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bella" }}). The party was also rewarded with half the value of the stolen goods they gathered and a finely made bandit captain shortsword. 

After the battle [Page]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Page" }}) decided to help in the interrogations and was to get some useful information about the Bandit Coalition's Stronghold. [Bella]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bella" }}) helped Cesar find an errant fairy and gained a new grimoire. [Bijou]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bijou_Phoenixspine" }}) decided to take care of [Fray Merridan]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Fray_Merridan" }})'s wolf. She also worked with the Tenders of the Scorched Grove to restock their emergency supplies. [Nico]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Nico" }}) spent a week training until his old buddies arrived in town. At which point, it was time to pull off another heist. They found a rather annoying merchant they were easily able to fleece for a few hundred gold pieces of goods.
