---
layout: default
name: 16th Session
title: 16th Session
sequence: 16
---

The Ali-Troops returned to there guildhall, requisition in hand, and decided to use some of the available funds to build training facilities. After checking what their favorite merchants had for sale, The Ali-Troops, decided to head to The Avium through the ancient forests. In this forest, the party stumbled on a family of boars. [Bijou]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bijou_Phoenixspine" }}), decided to speak with them to let them know they meant harm as the party passed through. When the Party had nearly arrived at The Avium, they were attacked by a forest prowler. [Page]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Page" }}) was pounced on and mauled quite severely, but [Bella]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bella" }}) was able to heal her and [Bijou]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bijou_Phoenixspine" }}) was able to charm the beast. 

The Ali-Troops continued on to [The Avium]({{site.url | append: "/Places/The_Avium"}}) where they were met by Associate Professor [Rhys Birchwalker]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Rhys_Birchwalker" }}), whom was expecting the parties arrival. She escorted The Ali-Troops up [Dean Gabe Windsworth's]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Gabe_Windsworth" }}) office. The Dean was very busy but dropped what he was doing to greet The Ali-Troops. [Dean Windsworth]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Gabe_Windsworth" }}) presented each person with an amulet that identified them as guest researchers and gave them access to most of the facilities. He also pointed the party in direction of the lower library where they could find books on subjects related to related to their goal of understanding the Aspect of Fire. 

In the lower library the party met the librarian, [Mordane Swftgale]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Mordane_Swiftgale" }}), who seemed very busy but was able to point the party in the direction of a few books that would help them. They found that [The Scorched Grove]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Scorched_Grove"}}) displayed clear signs of extreme conjury, potential a source of elemental magics with close proximity to our world. They that larger elementals are usually older and sometimes pull energy from more than one source of elemental energy. They also found Fire elementals are usually vulnerable to cold, but if they also pull from earth elemental sources, they do not retain this vulnerability. One book detailed an Aspect of Ice that lost a single shard, The Borealus, and Humblewood's connection to fire and ice, but this book was partially burned. Many of the books contained ripped pages that seem to be hiding the most important information. 

The Ali-troops headed back to [Mordane]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Mordane_Swiftgale" }}) and informed him of the vandalism. He swore he would inform the Dean. The party inquired about some books on conjuration magics, but those topics also seemed to be missing from the card catalog. [Mordane]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Mordane_Swiftgale" }}) pointed the party in the general direction and a search began. It didn't take long before some useful books were found. In these books, the party found that large elemental would require huge amounts of energy to seal them away. It would take a tremendous effort from an elemental to break free and is more likely that an outside force would need to weaken a seal to release a powerful elemental creature. A large conjuration would be needed to seal away anything as massive as an Aspect of Fire. The circle may have become obscured over time, but it is impossible for the aspect to have been kept dormant all this time without it. This also lead the party to a cryptic tome: a treatise by a conjurer who attempted to calculate the location of the conjuration circle within the [Scorched Grove]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Scorched_Grove"}}). Bella tried to calculate the location from the information that hadn't been torn out, but was unsuccessful. 
