---
layout: default
name: 9th session
title: 9th session
sequence: 9
---

Finally arriving at [Alderheart]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Alderheart" }}), the party started by accompanying [Eliza Pennygleam]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Eliza_Pennygleam" }}) to her Emporium in the Canopy Market. [Eliza's]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Eliza_Pennygleam" }}) wares were intriguing, but the party didn't have the funds so they moved on. In The Boughs, [Bella]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bella" }}) was able to find a nice home to rent for the parties stay in [Alderheart]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Alderheart" }}). The party then decided to check out the local taverns where they found, The Dapper Owl. As usual, [Page]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Page" }}) entertained, while [Nico]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Nico" }}) and [Bella]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bella" }}) played dice games with the other patrons. 

After their well deserved rest, The Party proceeded to the [Birdfolk Council]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Birdfolk_Council" }}) Chambers to deliver [Elder Ardwyn's]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Elder_Ardwyn" }}) requesting guards and aid. They were told by the guard their, they would need a letter from a Magistrate to get on the schedule. So the party decided to find the Magistrate of [Alderheart]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Alderheart" }}), Gregor Thorspur, where they were offer a task to complete get their letter of introduction more quickly. The party was sent to investigate the thiefs plagueing the Trunk Market. They found all the complaints led to a group of jerbeen thiefs. Upon finding the thiefs hideout, they found they were a group of street urchins that had lost their parents in a fire near the expanding [Scorched Grove]({{site.url | append: "/Places/Scorched_Grove" }}). They decided to help them by offering them work as servants until they could find a more permanant solution. 

For solving some of the Magistrate's problems, Gregor wrote them a letter of introduction and the party set off the see the [Birdfolk Council]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Birdfolk_Council" }}) in the morning. The Council agreed to send aid but could not spare guards. They could not agree on specifics of the aid, but agreed the matter would be discussed and settled tommorow. 

During the evening, [Bijou Phoenxspine]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bijou_Phoenixspine" }}) decided to head out to mediate in nature. When she did, she saw signs of a large scale force of bandits. She informed the Perch Guard, so they could prepare for the coming assault. [Nico]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Nico" }}) decided the best way to prepare for this attack is the arm the orphans and rain down arrows on the bandits. [Page]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Page" }}) decided to set out some traps to catch the bandits. [Bella]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bella" }}) decided to get down closer to the battle to help fight the bandits. The attack was easily repelled and the bandits begin to flee. Captain Sterling, found the party celebrating their victory and asked them to join him in taking this fight to the bandit's camp.
