---
layout: default
name: 17th Session
title: 17th Session
sequence: 17
---

While the Ali-Troops conducted their research in the lower library, they found themselves being attack by shadows. The attack was easily thwarted, but [Bijou]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bijou_Phoenixspine" }}) found her strength had been drained by the shadow that attacked her. Shortly after the attack, [Mordane]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Mordane_Swiftgale" }}) arrived to the scene and used his faculty amulet to call for emergency aid. The escorted [Bijou]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Bijou_Phoenixspine" }}) to the infirmary where she was able to rest until she could regain her strength. The party visited the Dean's Office to inform him of the attack. [Dean Windsworth]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Gabe_Windsworth" }}) confessed to the party that some strange things have occured in [The Avium]({{site.url | append: "/Places/The_Avium"}}). The Dean gave the party three possible leads for infomation: Figgory Figgins, Divination Professor Corvax Revayne, and Jell Platena. 

And so the investigation began with a visit to the Divination Professor. He told the party that for several weeks now his daily divination had given the same result, which he demonstrated for them. It suggested the suspect was in [The Avium]({{site.url | append: "/Places/The_Avium"}}), but nothing else could be determined. The party then proceeded to search for Jell Platena while she was studying. She had noticed that the skeleton servitors droppped what they were doing and headed for the lower library. She followed them but was unable to find out why they were acting strange. 

The party then decided to go visit the Professor of Necromancy, [Glinda Nightseed]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Glinda_Nightseed" }}). The party asked her many questions about their investigation. She seemed nice at first, but started to get a little evasive with certain questions. The party noticed a strange book on the shelf, [Professor Nightseed]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Glinda_Nightseed" }}) insisted that no one should handle it. It appeared to have a strong aura of Necromancy. The party also noticed a torn page, so the party asked the Professor to open the book see if it was a page missing from this book. It was. The Professor insisted that she had not seen this book before the party came to her office.

After a good nights rest, the party continued their investigation by finding Figgory Figgins. He was scared out of his gourd by what he had seen outside his window. He also hasn't been able to get a full nights sleep since that night. He described a horrible monster that clawed it's way up a tree outside his window and looked at him with 4 red beady eyes. No one seemed to believe his story and assuming he was making it up so he can skip class. When the party went outside to investigate the tree though, they found claw marks on the tree trunk. It looked as though someone had tried to cover them up with magic but didn't do a good enough job. The party also discovered bones that were buried at the foot of the tree that they were able determine were birdfolk bones. 

Finally the party took their findings to the Dean's Office. They asked [Dean Windsworth]({{site.url | append: "/Characters/Gabe_Windsworth" }}) to see the original floorplans for [The Avium]({{site.url | append: "/Places/The_Avium"}}). They found that there were more rooms leading off from the lower library, possibly behind a sealed wall. So the party made their way to the lower library and prepare for a pontential confrontation with [The Avium's]({{site.url | append: "/Places/The_Avium"}}) phantom necromancer.
